doc: known_issues: add known issue about assertion in Host (#24519)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

  **Workaround:** Enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL` Kconfig option or do not call the blocking API from any of the Bluetooth Host callbacks.

.. rst-class:: v3-1-1 v3-1-0 v3-0-2 v3-0-1 v3-0-0 v2-9-2 v2-9-1 v2-9-0-nRF54H20-1 v2-9-0 v2-8-0 v2-7-99-cs2 v2-7-99-cs1 v2-7-0

NCSDK-35430: Assertion can happen in Bluetooth Host if application is trying to send a synchronous command when system workqueue is blocked

>   If Bluetoot Host or an application blocks system workqueue, Bluetooth Host TX processor can not send any command or data towards Controller.
>   If this happens when a separate thread tries to send a synchronous command, an assertion can happen.
>   In particularly, this assertion is highly lickly if an application is trying to send a synchronous command from the :c:member:`bt_conn_cb.connected` callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the Bluetooth Host or an application blocks the system workqueue, the Bluetooth Host TX processor cannot send commands or data towards the Controller.
  If this happens when a separate thread tries to send a synchronous command, an assertion can occur.
  This assertion is highly possible if the application is trying to send a synchronous command from the :c:member:`bt_conn_cb.connected` callback.
```

>   **Workaround:** Increase :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_BUF_CMD_TX_COUNT`.

Author: I think all single-core are affected and on multi-core platforms it affects cores where Host runs.
